That a particular class is appeased by Romi, so
today we will discuss the quarterly reports
which you can do recently on 31st October
which is of TVS Motors, ICICI and
LIC, so let me tell you first that
before investing in this, you should first
see these quarterly reports and then
invest so that you do not put your
investment in it at any risk, so let us
start, first let us
see the quarterly report of TVS Motors company which is an automobile
manufacturing two wheeler auto three wheeler
manufacturing company, if we see its market
capitalization then it is
above 2700 crores, if we see today that all
its updates can be called another company,
when we can say the company by its net balance which is
above 18 crores, if we see the net annual profit,
it is above six and a half crores, then
see it, after this they
performed very well, they have made sales of more than 100 crores, so in this the
company gets
very good fame and
gets a lot of boost and recently we have seen this  The
report revealed that the company has performed very
well
in the quarterly sales.
Now if we talk about it,
in the June quarter they had sold
almost 1400 crores and in the September quarter
they sold more than 10
crores, even more than 1500 crores. So if
we look at the sales,
they performed very well and on the
other hand, if we talk about expenses,
we have seen an increase in that as well. If we
look at the last quarter, then this time
they have increased almost 15 crores, we can say 1 crores. The
expenses of these eyes are also big. In
net advance Sanju,
we have seen an improvement of 3 crores in that too. There has been an
increase in interest as well, there is
depreciation as well, they
performed very well in that and in profit gift
tax, they have broken their own record of profit
which was said in the last quarter
and if we talk about net profit, then they have
performed very well even than the last quarter, we can say that
they have performed very well by more than 300 percent.  If
we look at it clearly,
they have
not made any significant improvement as compared to last year,
but still we can say that it is close to Rs 300 crore.
They have increased their serial
and the expenses are also
around Rs 300 crore. If we
look at it on a quarterly basis, the company is
performing well and in the times to come
too, we hope that the
company will perform well. If we
look at the balance, the company has
performed well in this quarter this year. In PIMS,
their research has been increased by Rs 300 crore
and there has been an
increase in boring. We know that this time
they have taken a slightly higher debt in this company.
If we talk about investment, there has been an
increase in it too, which is
above Rs 300 crore. From this we
can estimate that if it is for boring, which is Rs 4
crore, for check road, it is Rs 600 crore and on the
other hand, the investment that has come in it is more than Rs 1 crore, so this gives a
lot of balance to the company so that when we
talk about decisions, operating
activity is there.  Unique performed quite well
because they have, if we can say,
some extra income this year, which we
can call it, it is above Rs 25 crore, so the
company gets a lot of support from this. So,
today we had the quarterly
report of Tata Motors. After examining this report, the
company has
given a good return in just one day. So, 10
grams of fennel is very high due to the issues,
hence it has performed well in 5 days
and
not in 1,000 hours, which is
near the appointment. So, if I would suggest this to you
and
you will definitely see it in at least 15 to 20 days, the
next 9 happened,
which I show,
I have Indian Energy Exchange Limited, its
positive report came yesterday,
its market capitalization is more than 2000
and whatever we can say is almost free,
whatever can be provided, it will
not make much difference to the company.
Look at their profit which is
more than 3-200 crores, if you
look at the recent process of the company
Debt has also been reduced and
this time the ROC in the company has also
given good returns. If we
talk about sales of the nearby Pukar report, then this
time we can say that there has been a growth of 10%
in this quarter as per the previous quarter, the
previous quarter should have been 9 crores
and in this quarter * almost 110
crores which is 10%. What are the
expenses that we have to look at, their
expenses have benefited them by 1 crore, they have
reduced, so this gives a
lot of boost to the company, which is their burden,
this company has been able to reduce it a lot, if you
look at the income, which is the same as last quarter
and look at the net profit, it has
also increased because it is
bigger than their serial, that is,
look at the data, from that
they have performed very well this time, there are
expenses of 300 crores, they are also a
little big, there is
not much impact on the company
and this live-in profit's net profit
also saw an increase, which
213 crores. Talking about the balance sheet, they have
recharge on their side.
According to the last quarter, they have done
research of more than 100 crores.
These figures have been done. So, this company is
moving forward very strongly.
Arvind, which is an ingredient, has
almost reduced it. If we
look at the investment, then the investment of 855 crores has been done.
In this, the company has benefited a lot. We
can say almost double,
they have benefited by 100%. So, if we
talk about the country share,
after the release of this report, today the company has
seen a jump of 1%. It has given vitamins of choice. So, if we
talk about the last 1 month, there is a
growth of 30% and double in 6 months.
If you go by it, it is more than 100
%. If you go by it, you will definitely
include it in your portfolio. If you keep it for the long term, then I will tell you that you should definitely include it in your portfolio. If you keep it for the long term, then
I will
tell you not to invest a lump sum amount.
For a month and for three months, we would have
invested a little more in it so that
whenever we get a loan, we will
definitely invest in it.
Next, let's see the quarterly report of
Debit General Insurance Company. Its market
capitalization is above Rs. 300 crores
and Debt almost how the mode switch company will be the
content balance company is
below Rs. 500 crores and annual profit income is
around Rs. 1500 crores
and if we look at the profit growth of the company,
it is G and they have
given more than 23 percent in the last 5 years. If we
talk about the quarterly report of this year,
they did
not have such a good performance but still the
companies have balance and if we look at this year,
they did more than last time terminal
sales of Rs. 4000 crores and in this regard,
appointed companies have
seen an increase in the
input
taxes and the net profit is double,
they can say that the increase in it is more
than double,
they have made profit even more than the day before yesterday.
Hey friend, will you talk to me about this?  They did
very well this year but if we
look at the data of Scarlett IS last year then
they have performed very well every year, if they have
taken some water due to deposits then they have definitely taken a little shock somewhere
but still if we look at the company then their
performance is good, if we look at the balance sheet then
this time they have made an increment in their reserves
because if we look at the June quarter then it is
more than 7000 crores and
in the March quarter their reserves were almost 100 crores, the
borrowing is a change in the SIM,
they have not made any increase in it yet because
their sales had decreased and
in the operating activity in gastro, they have seen a lot of
loss, if we can say up to 50%, that is,
if I talk about its shares today then
they are doing very well, sir, the
company is performing very well but
because the quarter that is seen is not that good, it has
not given such a big return today, the shares have reached near 15
in the last one year,
so subscribe to it
because on this channel the
company has so many  There is
less and
subscribe to
next let's see the last
quarter result of LIC Housing
Finance Limited and see its market
capitalization which is more than 24 thousand crores
and let me tell you that this
hybrid company is more than 20,000 crores
and we can say 21000 crores, we will see its
data and net annual profit is
more than 27, let me tell you that
if we see the date according to the market action, the
date is around that, so the
date which we say interest on
that also has to be calculated from the net annual profit of the company,
otherwise it has to be calculated from that, that is,
its net income,
which is to be calculated from the data, if it increases then the
company can face a big setback
because the company has to collect the interest on the date,
see in the 300 Spartan report, while remaining
two
AR Rahman will be a service company, if we
look at the revenue in it, then they did
not perform very well, this time there was a
decline of more than 100 crores.  It has been seen that the
expenses will also definitely reduce,
interest is also less, expenses have also reduced, so
if it is less then that increment has happened from here and
there, we can say that the
net profit has also been seen in the
company balance and if we
appoint
subscribers, not just above crores, have to make
debt for interest payment to each other, the
balance has been medium, so the company's
subscribers have seen an increment
above 30 crores, you can call it your madam,
which is boring, but there has been an increment,
burn unit has also been taken in this cotton, we can say
near 10 crores, we can say it has become 100
crores, so somewhere the
balance of the company is done by the quick
rate sources, which is
not of the company, now if we see that there has been a
decline of 4 percent,
why did it not happen, then
I would suggest you
not to keep such a share in your portfolio,
sometimes by doing so much disgusting
performance and
enter the subsidiary of this company somewhere, right now you must take its e-portfolio
because if suppose it has so much
diet, if  If it was a private company, it would have
used its own battery. It is a company, so it is
from somewhere or the other, that is why the
company has been there for such a long time,
if you want, you can take it.
Meghnad,
do not forget to subscribe to this video channel,
thank you.